[docs] Add `makeStyles` explanation in troubleshooting (#27322)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  interface DefaultTheme extends Theme {}
}
```

### makeStyles - TypeError: Cannot read property 'drawer' of undefined

This error occurs when calling `useStyles` (result of `makeStyles`) or `withStyles` outside of `<ThemeProvider>` scope like this:

```js
import * as React from 'react';
import { ThemeProvider, createTheme } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
import makeStyles from '@material-ui/styles/makeStyles';
import Card from '@material-ui/core/Card';
import CssBaseline from '@material-ui/core/CssBaseline';

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  root: {
    display: 'flex',
    backgroundColor: theme.palette.primary.main,
    color: theme.palette.common.white,
  },
}));

const theme = createTheme();

function App() {
  const classes = useStyles(); // ❌ called outside of ThemeProvider
  return (
    <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <Card className={classes.root}>...</Card>
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```

> One way to fix this is to create `withThemeProvider` HOC (higher order component):

Reviewer: I was expecting more suggestions when I read "One way to fix it..." :) Do we have more suggestions?

I don't think our suggestion should be using a HOC, we can simply say that the root App component should only have the `ThemeProvider` and then the rest of the components inside it's tree can use the `useStyles` hooks. We can reformat the example to look something like:

```jsx
import * as React from 'react';
import { ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
import makeStyles from '@material-ui/styles/makeStyles';
import Card from '@material-ui/core/Card';
import CssBaseline from '@material-ui/core/CssBaseline';

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  root: {
    display: 'flex',
    backgroundColor: theme.palette.primary.main,
    color: theme.palette.common.white,
  },
}));

const theme = createTheme();
function AppContent() {
  const classes = useStyles(); // ✅ This is safe because App is wrapping the AppContent with <ThemeProvider>
  return <Card className={classes.root}>...</Card>;
}

const App = (props) => {
  return (
    <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <AppContent {...props} />
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
};

export default App;
```

Or maybe this can be our first suggestion, and the HOC second.

Author: fixed.

  interface DefaultTheme extends Theme {}
}
```

### makeStyles - TypeError: Cannot read property 'drawer' of undefined

This error occurs when calling `useStyles` (result of `makeStyles`) or `withStyles` outside of `<ThemeProvider>` scope like this:

```js
import * as React from 'react';
import { ThemeProvider, createTheme } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
import makeStyles from '@material-ui/styles/makeStyles';
import Card from '@material-ui/core/Card';
import CssBaseline from '@material-ui/core/CssBaseline';

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  root: {
    display: 'flex',
    backgroundColor: theme.palette.primary.main,
    color: theme.palette.common.white,
  },
}));

const theme = createTheme();

function App() {
  const classes = useStyles(); // ❌ called outside of ThemeProvider
  return (
    <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <Card className={classes.root}>...</Card>
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```

> You can fix by creating **AppContent** component or **withThemeProvider** HOC (higher order component)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can fix this by creating another component (here: `AppContent`) or use a higher-order component (here: **withThemeProvider**).
```

**Option 1 : `AppContent`**

```js
// ...imports

function AppContent(props) {
  const classes = useStyles(); // ✅ This is safe because AppContent is rendered inside <ThemeProvider>
  return <Card className={classes.root}>...</Card>;
}

> const App = (props) => {

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
function App(props) {
```

  return (
    <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <AppContent {...props} />
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
};

export default App;
```

**Option 2 : `withThemeProvider`**

```js
// ...imports

function App() {
  const classes = useStyles(); // ✅ This is safe because App is now rendered inside <ThemeProvider>
  return <Card className={classes.root}>...</Card>;
}

> const withThemeProvider = (Component) => {

Reviewer 2: The component created is used only once in your entire app. It isn't justified to use higher-order components for this use case.

Otherwise please elaborate on the tradeoffs between these two options. It's really important to understand that more options aren't free. An API isn't better because it has more options for the same behavior. Quite the opposite: An API is strictly worse if it has multiple options for the same behavior because we don't solve any more problems but double the maintenance burden and double the choices a user has to make.

Author: I am fine to remove `withThemeProvider` option and only suggest `AppContent` option in the docs.

Reviewer: > I am fine to remove `withThemeProvider` option and only suggest `AppContent` option in the docs.

+1 on this
